Update README.md (#3)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-device-intelligence-android-demo: README.md

Reviewer: @Alexey-Verkhovsky - Since the following lines were not changed, I am unable to comment in-line.

1. Lines 59-61 must be indented right (so that the code block and "Clone" are aligned)
2. Same comment as (1) for lines 61-68.
3. Line 62: 
Replace "Open up" with "Open".
Add a "." at the end of the line.
4. Line 63: Replace existing line with "Open file "app/...." 
5. Add a line below line 63: 
    "Replace the value for `apiKey` with your Public API Key. You can find this key in your [dashboard](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/) at `App Settings` > `API Keys`."
    Provide code snippet for just that line
6. Add another line:
     Replace the value for `endpointUrl` with [one of our endpoints](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/android-sdk#region-1) or with your custom endpoint, as applicable.
     Provide code snippet.
Line 72: Not needed.

Author: Fixed

Build the app from sources in a few simple steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/fingerprintjs/fingerprint-device-intelligence-android-demo.git
    ```
2. Open the cloned repository in Android Studio.

> 3. Open the file `app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/constants/Credentials.kt` and replace the value for apiKey with your Public API Key. You can find the Public API Key in your [dashboard](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/) at `App Settings` > `API Keys`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open the file `app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/constants/Credentials.kt` and replace the value for `apiKey` with your Public API Key. You can find the Public API Key in your [dashboard](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/) at App Settings > API Keys.
```

>    ```kotlin

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   ```kotlin
```

    import com.fingerprintjs.android.fpjs_pro.Configuration
    
    object Credentials {
        val apiKey: String = "your_api_key"
    }
    ```

> 4. Replace the value for endpointUrl with one of our [endpoints](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/android-sdk#region-1) or with your custom endpoint, as applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Replace the value for `endpointUrl` with one of our [endpoints](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/android-sdk#region-1) or with your custom endpoint, as applicable.
```

    ```kotlin
    import com.fingerprintjs.android.fpjs_pro.Configuration
    
    object Credentials {
        val endpointUrl: String = Configuration.Region.US.endpointUrl
    }
    ```
    
> [!NOTE]

> > The `debug` and `releaseLocalSign` variants of the app contain a button inside the app bar allowing you to stub the response of the Fingerprint Pro SDK. This might be useful in case you don't want to setup your own API key and region, but still want to check out how the UI of the app looks like on your device.

Reviewer: Is there a name for this button? How does this button look?

Reviewer 2: @leenasudhakar it's an IconButton, so no, it does not have a name. The icon looks like [this](https://materialui.co/icon/bug-report). It's only purpose is to help testing the UI (success/failure/loading states, animations, transitions, etc) of the app without making an actual request to our servers.

4. In "Build Variants" tool window, select either `debug` or `releaseLocalSign` build variant
> [!NOTE]

> > There is also a `release` variant for testing. It's very similar to the `releaseLocalSign`, but signs the app with another signature and disables the stubbing functionality described above.

Reviewer: What does "another signature" mean? How is it different from the signature used for `releaseLocalSign`?

Reviewer 2: releaseLocalSign's signature == "dummy" signature. Everyone can sign the app with this signature locally. You can't run the app on the device without signing it first, so this signature is needed if you want to build the "release-like" version of the app (in a sense that it has all the same optimisations and thus runs as fast) from sources and then test it.

release's signature == "production" signature. The app is signed with this signature when being uploaded to the Play Market. It is protected with a password that only our team possesses.

Reviewer: @Sergey-Makarov - Thank you for explaining. In essence, if a developer clones this repo, he/she will be able to publish to the PlayStore if they replace "release.jks" with their own keystore file and set their own values for the corresponding environment variables. Correct?

> [!NOTE]

> > There is also `release` variant for the internal use. It's very similar to `releaseLocalSign`, but signs the app with another signature and disables the stubbing functionality described above.

Reviewer: @Alexey-Verkhovsky - What does "internal use" mean?

Author: This means for testing, and not for publishing. Release builds are ready for publishing, they don't contain debug symbols and performance is better for them. I changed the line, I hope now it sounds better.

5. Run the app on the selected device
# Fingerprint Identification SDK

Following up on the information provided in our [Getting Started Guide](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/android-sdk), you might refer to this repository for an example of:

## Getting the response

> The SDK configuration code is located at the `di` [package](app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/di) of the App Module (The Dagger di framework is used). The `getVisitorId()` method are abstracted in [IdentificationProvider](app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/domain/IdentificationProvider.kt) class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The SDK configuration code is located at the [`di` package](app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/di) of the app module. 
* The method `getVisitorId()` method is abstracted in [IdentificationProvider](app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/domain/IdentificationProvider.kt) class.
```

## Examining the response

> The `getVisitorId` method of the `IdentificationProvider` is called in the [HomeViewModel.kt](app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/ui/screens/home/viewmodel/HomeViewModel.kt) file. The result is shown in [EventDetailsView](app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/ui/screens/home/views/event_details_view) class either in a prettified or in a raw way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method `IdentificationProvider.getVisitorId()` is called in the file [HomeViewModel.kt](app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/ui/screens/home/viewmodel/HomeViewModel.kt) file. The result is displayed by the [EventDetailsView](app/src/main/java/com/fingerprintjs/android/fpjs_pro_demo/ui/screens/home/views/event_details_view) class either in prettified or raw format.
```
